[Feature] Merged Resiliance and Reliability Tables to one Dashboard (#4)
smswithoutborders/gateway-client-reliability-dashboard: README.md

# SMSWithoutBorders Dashboard

Welcome to the SMSWithoutBorders Dashboard, a powerful tool designed to measure the reliability of gateway clients and available gateway servers.

## Getting Started

To get started with the SMSWithoutBorders Dashboard, follow these simple steps:

1. **Create .env File**: Create a `.env` file in the root directory of the project. Add variables:

```json

> REACT_APP_RELIABILITY_URL=https://REACT_APP_RELIABILITY_URL
> REACT_APP_RESILIENCE_URL=https://REACT_APP_RESILIENCE_URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
REACT_APP_RELIABILITY_URL=# reliability data source (replace with actual URL)
REACT_APP_RESILIENCE_URL=# resilience data source (replace with actual URL)

> [!NOTE]
> Please ensure to replace the placeholders with real URLs pointing to your reliability and resilience data sources.
```

# SMSWithoutBorders Dashboard

Welcome to SMSWithoutBorders Dashboard, a powerful tool designed to measure the reliability of gateway clients ans available gateway servers.

## Getting Started

To get started with the SMSWithoutBorders Dashboard, follow these simple steps:

> 1. **Create .env File**: Create a `.env` file in the root directory of the project. This file will contain environment variables necessary for the application to function correctly.

Reviewer: Add the required environment variables needed for the dashboard to work.
